# Python Jeopardy
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/U6o8bkbeCCo>
#### Description:
I have created a program that simulates a game of jeapordy as played on the Alexa app, meaning the questions all have set values, 200 for jeopardy and 400 for double jeapordy and questions are served to the player, they are not selected from a wider board. For playability and customization, I have included the ability to decide the amount of rounds, 1 or 2 and the amount of questions per round, 1-6.  The idea is to simulate being asked and answering real jeapordy questions.
Initially my program needs to read a csv full of past jeapordy questions. I found one online, and it has over 200k unique questions and answers. I chose to just use the fields category, question and answer from this file, titled "JEOPARDY_CSV.csv". I could update this file in the future provided I have the correct file names. I turn this entire file into a dictionary for later use throughout the program. They are saved as a dictionary per show, so it is a larger list of dictionaries.
After the user has input the number of rounds and Qs per round, they will go into single jeopardy. Double jeapordy is reserved for 2 rounds only. The program will ask n questions based on what number of questions that will be asked per round, each time showing either "Correct" or "Incorrect, the answer is {answer}" and will calculate the score, adding 200 if the user answered correctly. This can mean it exactly matches the answer in the file (I am sure to convert the input to title case) or if the user answer is in the correct answer to capture answers like just the last name.
If the user has selected to do 2 rounds, then double jeapordy will start, with the same n number of questions per round, but now the value for each is 400.
After the cumulative score from one or two rounds of jeapordy is calculated, there is final jeapordy, where there is a function that is used to calculate a wager, which cannot be above the score that the player currently has. If the player gets this final question correct, their wager is added to their score, otherwise it is subtracted.
I considered trying to make a board to display in ASCII art, but it was going to be too difficult to implement with the need for one main and at least three test functions. I also considered recreating an entire game on a single day as it is saved in the file instead of randomly grabbing questions, but I didn't want to be stuck playing a game from the 80s that is heavy in its use of pop culture refrences. I want to be able to play this game, above all else, and it was more fun for me to have each question be random, yet still prefaced by its category
